In New York City war on crime
the worst criminal offenders are pursued
by the detectives of the Major Case Squad.
These are their stories.
I want the kind with the stars.
We only have noodles.
Do I have to go to school
tomorrow if I'm still sick?
No, they'll just send you home.
I'm going to see if Daddy read my e-mail.
Computer voice: Check your mail.
- Who's sending Daddy mail?
- "SexyRita."
- Who's that?
- Don't open it.
Go wash up. I'll get lunch ready.
Okay.
Go wash up now.
( rhythmic electronic music plays )
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I'll be home by 6:30. Why? What's wrong?
- Wife: Nothing.
- I can hear it in your voice.
Just make sure you're home on time.
These are the pension fund
files for the Mancuso meeting.
Everything okay?
It's just Mandy. She's on a
tear about something.
So you know, she called while you were out.
She wanted the "who-what-where"
of your lunch hours
the last couple of weeks.
- I hope you told her.
- I told her what you tell me.
And I didn't mention the woman who
calls and never leaves her name.
Next time Mandy calls, tell her.
Tell her I told you to tell her.
Okay.
We can't be bulls in the old china shop here.
One individual has already resigned.
I pulled the records, Mr. Mancuso.
You still have nearly a dozen people
whose status is questionable.
I'm not signing off on the audit
until this is rectified.
I understand you have a job to do.
Just do your damn job.
There's no need for that kind of language.
You prefer some other language?
How about "kickbacks"?
If you don't clean it up, Mancuso,
I'll bring in people who will.
There's nobody, Mandy. I swear.
Do I look like a stupid person?
I found your personal ad on a web site.
You've had it there at least a month.
That's not true. That's not mine.
I printed it out. Tell me that's not you.
Mandy, I did not post this.
I called the bank. That ad was paid
by electronic check from our account, Ron.
Er... Sarah's finished her bath.
Come on, Billy, it's time for bed.
(man rapping)
Power Company, for the meter.
Oh, jeez!
( theme music plays )
The couple's name is Sherwood, Ron and Mandy.
He works in the City Comptroller's
office. She's a part-time nurse.
Two kids in grammar school--
William and Sarah.
- Any domestic violence calls?
- No, never.
So he chased her down here
and into the kitchen.
We got what appears to be
defensive wounds on her arms.
One of the first swings knocks her down.
Looks like she tries to duck under the table,
but he caught her in the back of the head.
The leuco brought up blood spatters
clear across the room.
There's a knife missing
out of the knife block.
You’ll find it upstairs.
( camera shutter clicks )
You guys mind stepping off the carpet?
I want lots of photos of the carpet--
different angles, heights, okay?
They're over here.
This was the son. Nine years old.
Suffocated with a pillow.
The little girl, six years old.
Put the knife against his
chest and fell on it.
Suicide by stabbing. Was there a note?
This whole house is a note.
This was in his back pocket--
a personal ad from a web site.
Sounds like it could be Sherwood's.
Could be what started the argument.
He kills his wife in a rage...
But the kids?
No sir, they haven't made a determination yet.
If it turns out it's a domestic
squabble gone haywire,
we'll kick it back to the 1-0.
Yes, sir.
I swear I could hear him
breaking into a cold sweat.
With this budget crisis,
last thing the mayor needs
is a scandal with one of his accountants.
Sherwood seems ready-made for the part.
Last year he got a desk appearance ticket
for cruising prostitutes on 26th Street.
Ron Sherwood's parents are dead.
He has no siblings.
But Mandy Sherwood has a mother
and sister in Wisconsin,
either of who, would've been
fit guardians for the kids.
And...?
Men who kill their wives
usually kill their kids
if there's nobody else
left to look after them.
That just leaves not wanting
your kids to grow up
knowing their dad's a murdering scum ball.
And he cheated on their mom.
There were five e-mails
from girlfriends on his Internet account.
Two of them mention play dates he had
during his lunch hour over the last month.
Make sure Mr. Sherwood wasn't subsidizing
his fun with our tax dollars.
Out of nowhere, Mrs. Sherwood just started
giving me the third degree
on where he spends his lunch hour.
All I know is he didn't spend it with me.
Is there any reason to
believe he wasn't just...
Having lunch?
A few times, some woman called
and wouldn't leave her name.
- Did you tell Mrs. Sherwood about her?
- No.
Because Mr. Sherwood asked you not to?
No. He told me next time
Mrs. Sherwood called, to tell her.
What projects was he working on?
Audits. He was under the gun
to trim budgets in every department.
He had a lot on his mind.
Mr. Sherwood have a problem with his back?
With his neck. Why?
Well, the bookcases.
Oh, right. He had me empty the top shelves
because he said it hurt when he reached up.
Sherwood's doctor said
he was still being treated
for a pinched nerve in his neck
and pain and weakness in his left arm.
The ME doesn't think Sherwood could've
swung a bat with enough force.
Where's your partner?
What are those lines?
Marks left on the carpet by a vacuum cleaner.
They're all going toward the door.
Someone vacuumed this way,
backing out towards the door
and right out of the house.
The same pattern's on the carpet
in the master bedroom.
To the door, and out to the hallway.
Any chance it was done before the killings?
No. There's no footprints on the carpet
matching Sherwood, his wife, the kids.
The prints are from our personnel.
The prints that someone
didn't want us to see
belong to the people
who killed the Sherwoods.
Something wrong with the order, Mr. Mancuso?
I don't like fish. I don't like seafood.
You ought to eat fish.
Salmon, sardines-- they're
filled with omega-3.
Brain food. That's why my girls eat fish.
Ms. Randolph, I have to tell you,
I am extremely disturbed
about what happened.
It is disturbing-- how a man
can lose touch with his own soul,
kills the people who love him.
If there are any repercussions--
The only repercussion is if you lose
touch with yourself, Mr. Mancuso.
I have to be home.
Hold up.
Your "doggie bag"?
The vacuuming marks on the carpets didn't
match the Sherwood's vacuum cleaner.
The one that was used was larger,
possibly an industrial model.
- What about fingerprints?
- Fingerprints in the house
belonged to the family.
If anybody else was here besides them,
they didn't leave anything behind.
You have Sherwood's shirt?
Yeah.
We found his blood on it, of course,
and his wife’s.
Goren: The bat?
Mandy Sherwood was down--
she was crawling under the table.
If Sherwood had killed her,
he'd be standing somewhere...
Right about here.
Ready for his next swing,
He swings at her like this,
her blood splashes back toward him.
He'd have blood spatter
on the right inside sleeve,
the lower front of his shirt
and the lower part of his left sleeve.
The table would have blocked the blood
from going any higher up on the left sleeve.
So...
Why is there blood splatter
up on his left shoulder?
There shouldn't be.
The blood was applied to Sherwood's shirt
after Mandy Sherwood was killed.
They knew enough to know
there'd be blood spatter
and they got the general angle right,
everything except for up on the left shoulder.
A staged murder scene.
Staged by somebody who knows forensics,
who knows procedure.
Cops?
Cops.
I'm not witch-hunting cops over
a couple of blood spatters.
It's not just that. The ticket
Sherwood got for cruising hookers?
The officer who wrote it
conveniently passed away
six months ago of a heart attack.
People die.
Nobody's been able to find the paperwork,
and nobody can locate a copy of the affidavit.
Then there's Sherwood's pen-pals
from the personals web site--
they're all dummy accounts
paid for with cribbed credit cards.
We're being gas lighted by professionals.
They needed to get rid of Sherwood,
they invented a cover story.
"The sex-obsessed milk-toast
who slaughters his family
and suicides himself
in an orgy of shame and guilt."
But cops killing a whole family?
Planting a summons on our system
is a tall order for a civilian.
Cops it is.
Somewhere along the line,
Sherwood got on their bad side.
None of Sherwood's audits
touched on the police department.
The biggest fish he was frying
was the tax assessor's office.
Sherwood probably wasn't killed
by a bunch of tax assessors.
What about this memo
to the city pension department?
That was in connection
with an audit he was doing
of the City School Security Division.
Some of their security officers
are retired city workers.
And some of the city workers
in this memo are retired cops.
Eames: I know what Sherwood was looking for
“Double dippers.” My old man
got in trouble for doing it.
When he retired from the force,
he got a job with the City Parks
working with kids.
He was drawing a pension from the city
while working full-time for the city.
It's a no-no. It's cops and money.
I had two meetings with Mr. Sherwood.
I like to keep things agreeable,
but he was "fists up" right from the start.
Right-- what's so disagreeable about ex-cops
taking the city for a ride?
- I'm sorry?
- The double-dipping, Mr. Mancuso.
We got that all sorted out.
I asked the individual
involved for his resignation.
Eames: Any fines or restitution?
No. I made a determination
it was unnecessarily punitive.
That's awfully agreeable of you.
What about the other dozen security officers
whose pension records
Sherwood was examining?
Those were just clerical errors,
forms that hadn't been properly filled out.
Well, you must be a very...
Agreeable guy to work for, Mr. Mancuso.
I like to think of myself as fair.
These are brave men who put
their lives on the line for the city.
They deserve the benefit of the doubt.
If you don't mind, we'd like the name
of the "brave man" who resigned.
Those pension rules are a bunch of crap.
My partner's with you on that.
- My old man got caught in the same bind.
- No kidding?
Except he had to pay back
nearly $50 grand to the city.
How'd you get away clean?
"Clean" nothing. I gave up a good job.
All I got now is the pension.
Hasn't kept you from living large, Phil.
What have you got in here?
Prime rib. Wow!
Is that a lobster wiggling around down there?
- It's--
- Get out of my stuff!
What is this? It's a $50 bottle of wine!
Here's what we think, Mr. Legrand.
You and your double-dipping buddies
were kicking back your wages to Mancuso,
but when Sherwood started sniffing around,
Mancuso got nervous.
He needed to throw Sherwood a bone.
You guys drew straws. You came up short
and now your buddies are taking care of you.
But one resignation wasn't
enough for Sherwood, right?
So your buddy-boys did something about him.
You guys...
I wanted to make dinner
for my girlfriend, all right?
I couldn't afford what she likes,
so she gave me the money for these groceries.
That's who's taking care of me.
So now that I've humiliated myself,
why don't you take your
Mutt-and-Jeff act off my property?
Gee, I need a hankie.
Don't feel too sorry for him.
Did you see this?
"Sullivan River Homeowners Association"?
Somebody's got himself
a nice home in the country.
He's made more recent purchases.
Brand new trailer hitch...
For a boat-- a big one.
The dealer's name's on it.
Phil isn't handling it well.
I heard it in his voice.
Those detectives rattled him.
Maybe he ought to take his boat out
on the river, calm himself down.
I don't know, Terry. CSU's still
crawling all over the Sherwood's place--
I know all about that.
Now stop your worrying.
It's like what I tell my girls--
"Don't suffer future pain. Take
care of business here and now."
Jakes: Hola, here he comes.
Hold it! Hold up! Stay right there!
Hold up!
Hey, Officer Terry, chill!
You chill, moron. You're late.
Come on, I got detention.
You're going to be on permanent
detention if you don't wise up.
You're a day late. Now let's go.
I got it, I got it.
That's my working capital!
That's a fine you pay for
trying to duck me, amigo.
Damn, lady, you ain't even a real cop.
But you're a real dope
dealer, and I am a badge.
And I have the authority to arrest
you, pacify you and mess you up--
and that's before I turn
you over to the real cops.
You and your colleagues
live and breathe at my pleasure.
Remember that.
Man: Stolen right out of his driveway?
Well, I'm sorry to hear that.
Mr. Legrand took delivery
just a couple of weeks ago.
Yeah, it's a shame. We need a copy of
the sales contract, for our report.
Sure. He bought a 30-footer,
all the amenities you can imagine.
How much? Just under a $100 grand.
- How'd he pay?
- Oh, installments.
- How many installments?
- I'd have to look at the contract.
Off the top of your head, Mel--
more than one installment?
( laughs ) Yeah, of course.
- Less than 10?
- Could be.
Was it check or cash, Mel?
I don't really--
You don't really? He doesn't really--
We'll just assume it was cash.
- When was the last payment made?
- Yesterday.
Has it been deposited yet?
There's a chance it could
be in the safe still.
- Eames: Let's take a look.
- Okay.
Our lab took a look at the
cash you gave the boat dealer.
They found traces of Ecstasy and ketamine.
High school party drugs, Phil.
What were you doing? Selling drugs to
kids you were getting paid to protect?
I know the drill. I don't
have to say anything.
Forget about the drugs, forget about the cash,
all you need to remember is the number four.
Four murders.
Four counts of conspiracy...
Four bites at the death penalty.
I want my lawyer.
- Who went in their house, Phil?
- I want to go back to my cell.
It wasn't him.
He doesn't have the front for it.
26 years on the force,
you never got out of the back.
You took the sergeant's exam
once, you never finished it.
Everything in your file says...
"worker bee."
So who gave you orders?
I want to go back to my cell
or I'm going to file a complaint.
Phil, do you see what's
happening to you here?
Don't you want to get out from under this?
Goren: Just tell us you had
nothing to do with this directly
and we'll go with that.
Just talk to us.
I want to go back to my cell.
Guy's been around the dance floor too often.
The search team called
from his place up in the Catskills.
They found another $100 grand in cash.
We've got a very enterprising
crew of security guards.
( gunshot blasts )
We need an EMS team up here right away.
What the hell happened here?
We just got the cuffs off, Captain.
He just grabbed my weapon out of
the holster and blew himself away.
There was nothing I could do.
Okay, Johnston, just go out
and sit in the squad room.
No, sir, I take full responsibility.
Things are going to get
real pleasant around here,
so if you have any good news,
now is the time to share it.
We're looking for someone
with an alpha personality--
with the organizational skills
to plan the Sherwood murders
and the ruthlessness to carry them out;
the knowledge…
to plant disinformation…
about Sherwood.
Maybe it's someone with a military background.
There is a platoon dynamic here.
When they cut Legrand loose,
they took care of him
by giving him cash and a new boat.
Legrand repaid that loyalty
by killing himself.
Death before dishonor?
Come on, this guy was afraid
of spending the rest of his life in jail.
You read his file. As a
cop, the guy was... average.
They'll probably all turn out
to have average service records--
cops who feel they never got their due--
who feel they need to prove something.
They decided to be the best
bad cops they could be.
Smoke the bastards out.
Eames: And this guy got forensic experience
when he was in the force. He goes here.
Here's a Desert Storm veteran.
This guy got suspended from the
department for procedural mistakes.
A disaffected cop. He's got potential.
So does this one: 3 years in the Marines--
12 years on the force,
retired on a disability
with the rank of Sergeant.
He took courses in computers.
He was attached at various
times to 2 CSU teams.
Well. Kept getting turned down
for a spot on the Detective Bureau.
Terry Randolph.
He's been with the School
Security almost two years.
He was Phil Legrand's supervisor.
Well, here's one reason
why Randolph might've been
denied for detective--
Terry Randolph's a woman.
Funny how that detail escaped
your powers of observation.
Well, we need to talk
to whoever was her rabbi on the force.
I haven't been in touch
with Terry for many years.
- How'd you hook up with her?
- I gave a class at the academy.
She was a recruit with more
questions than I had answers.
A year later, she called me
for a recommendation to a street crime unit.
I saw in her file she volunteered
for a lot of overtime.
Did she have money pressures?
She was a single mother with two kids.
What about on the job? You
said she was in a hurry.
Did she like quick fixes?
She was efficient, very territorial.
To get respect from the street,
she would pick out the baddest
homeboy on the corner,
put the bracelets on him,
then take him to a quiet place
for a beat-down.
Why are you investigating her?
The Sherwood family murders.
There's a connection to corruption
in the School Security Division.
Well, I know she's a hothead,
but I can't imagine
Terry would be involved
with anything like that.
Terry was a smart, driven young officer
who was denied advancement,
a promotion that would've
brought her a raise.
That breeds bitterness,
a sense of entitlement.
I know it does.
I always hoped that Terry
wouldn't be defeated by it.
( knocking on door )
Excuse me.
Randolph's hitting all the marks.
Not to mention, she's territorial.
Let's go mark up her territory.
Listen, I don't know no Phil Legrand, okay?
I don't even mess around with dope.
We just saw you hand off
a blunt to one of your buddies.
That was a cigarette. I swear.
A cigarette? You're in deep serious now, kid.
- Those things will kill you.
- Heads up.
( yelling ) You don't spit out a
name in the next five seconds,
I'm going to play dodge ball with your head!
- What is going on here?
- Official business.
We're interviewing witnesses.
Nobody notified the security
division you'd be interviewing
Witnesses on school property.
Oh-- I didn't know we needed to
check with the security guards.
Security officers.
The security officers. A sergeant, no less.
Cluster Sergeant Terry Randolph.
You were Phil Legrand's supervisor.
Yes, ma'am.
Thanks for your help, kid.
You lay off the smokes.
Can we talk to you about Phil?
All I can tell you is
Legrand did his job well.
About his psychological
problems, I can't say.
Actually...
Randolph, he had other problems.
Detective, I prefer being
addressed by my rank.
Cluster Sergeant?
Sergeant Randolph, Legrand was
involved in drug dealing.
I'm surprised to hear that.
Oh, it went on right under your nose.
Right. Well, you talk to her.
Sergeant, we'd appreciate
any guidance you can give us.
Hah-- guidance?!
Could you tell your partner
I'm a 12-year-veteran of the NYPD?
That I attained the rank of Sergeant?
( Goren laughing )
- Look at you now!
- Goren, knock it off.
Go ahead and laugh,
but I got a record to stand on.
Since I took over, crime on school property
in my district has dropped 50%.
- It's just good timing.
- It's respect, Detective.
I know how to earn it.
I earned it from these kids.
Nice talking to you, ma'am.
She "earned respect."
I wonder which bad homeboy
she beat down to earn it.
Man: Rudy Suarez is still an open case.
You didn't mention it in your phone call,
but I got you the autopsy anyway.
We like to kid the school
security people around,
but you got to admit,
they've done a good job.
Especially Terry Randolph.
The crime statistics don't lie.
It doesn't hurt that Rudy Suarez--
the baddest dope dealer in her high
schools-- was killed last year.
Yeah, right. Shot in his bedroom with
his girlfriend, execution-style.
That's the way the locals take each other out.
They see it in the movies.
The living room carpet was vacuumed.
And look...
On the kitchen floor.
Somebody sprayed leuco on the floor
looking for blood evidence.
Yeah, Well, CSU did that.
This report says that CSU
sprayed leuco in the bedroom.
It says they sprayed it in the bathroom.
It doesn't say they sprayed it
in the kitchen.
Randolph and her crew killed Suarez.
That's how she got a handle
on the dope trade in her schools.
They killed Sherwood and his family
because his investigation might've uncovered
the dope dealing and the Suarez murders.
The only thing you've got in common
between the murders is a vacuumed rug.
There's also leuco crystal violet.
Randolph might've sprayed it in the kitchen
at the Suarez place when she was
cleaning up the murder scene.
She also used it at the Sherwood home.
Forensics found leuco where it
hadn't been sprayed by our people.
Goren: Leuco is made in batches.
Each batch has unique
chemical characteristics.
If we find out which batch
Randolph's leuco belongs to,
we can trace it through
the serial numbers on the cans.
We just need leuco samples from all
the CSU teams she trained with.
I'll get a "49" up to the Chief of Detectives.
All it needs is your signature.
I'm not going to discuss it with you.
Until I say different,
you are too young to wear lipstick.
- But Nyeesha wears lipstick.
- Nyeesha's a neighborhood girl.
If I wanted you to be a neighborhood girl,
I'd send you to a neighborhood school.
Your mother works hard
to pay for your schooling.
- You should be thankful.
- I don't want gratitude.
I want them to have
opportunities I didn't have.
Now, there's nothing special
about a girl who wears lipstick.
And you and your sister are special girls
who have claim on every
special thing in this world.
Hmm?
Now go wash up.
( cell phone rings )
Yes?
Yes, hello.
Repeat that again.
No, I'm sure it's just routine.
Thanks for telling me.
Oh, how's your granddaughter?
That's good to hear.
Thank you.
Mom, I'm going to the store.
Eames: Which one of you is Arliss?
I am.
We need to see your supply of leuco.
Sure. I got cans in my kit
here and in the van.
You ever work with Terry Randolph?
She was a patrol officer.
I might, I don't know.
Her service record says
you did a six-month
training stint with her in '96.
Could be.
These cans are the wrong batch numbers.
Same here. Just get these cans?
Yeah, I ran out a couple of days ago.
The quartermaster's records
say you should have
at least eight cans left
with this batch number.
Must be a clerical mistake. Sorry.
"Clerical mistake," my ass.
She got to him.
According to the supply records,
Arliss got his new cans
of leuco on Wednesday.
Which means he was tipped off
Tuesday or Wednesday morning.
Which means the leaks are coming
from somewhere in this building.
I checked who the requisition went to
in the Chief of Detectives' office,
besides, of course,
the Chief of Detectives.
I can vouch for his assistant.
Denise? You dog.
I need tracking information
on requisition number 2436-17,
sent last Tuesday.
Who in your office handled that requisition?
Spell that.
Thank you.
Randolph's file.
There.
Go for a walk?
Meet Cecilia Wang,
a.k.a. "Deep Throat."
Randolph pinched her granddaughter
in a drug sweep four years ago.
The charges were dismissed
after Randolph didn't show up
to testify at the grand jury.
Randolph did her a favor.
And Mrs. Wang's paying it back.
Bring Mrs. Wang in. Threaten her with--
off the top of my head, I can think
of a dozen statutes she's violated.
The most we'll get from her
is that she tipped off Terry Randolph
about the requisition for leuco samples.
Then put that CSU technician
through the wringer.
Or the head of the School
Security Division, Mancuso.
Besides the fact that we
have no leverage against them,
I doubt they have any firsthand knowledge
of the murders. All they
could offer is hearsay.
Then find Randolph's accomplices--
the other ex-cops.
Accomplice testimony with no corroboration?
The drug dealers they've been shaking down?
Witnesses credibility problems.
You'd make a hell of a defense attorney.
Randolph's the main domino.
We make her fall, they all fall.
The best way--
the most certain way--
is if she implicates herself.
And you have a plan?
It speaks to your good character
you have qualms about this scheme.
You already have a legitimate search warrant.
Why do you need me to phony
up official documents?
Lieutenant, I knew you'd have concerns
about the legality of this plan.
I'm here to assure you
we're on solid ground.
I have concerns that you're going
after the wrong person for murder.
Well, this is one way to find out, isn't it?
Grandmother: Be careful over there.
I'm sure he knows what he's doing.
No argument here.
Nice house.
How'd you swing it?
Randolph: That's none of your business.
It's just an innocent question.
There's nothing innocent
about that baby face.
I had savings from my late husband,
and Terry had savings.
That's how we paid for it.
We're done. The place is clean.
I'm not done yet.
(sighs)
Your girls--
they go to Maryhill?
That's $10,000-- $15,000 a year for each.
How do you afford it?
If something's important
enough, you find a way.
We're very frugal.
Oh.
Oh, my partner's a miser, I'm frugal--
and neither of us could afford a house,
two kids in a private school--
You're not that frugal.
You buy nice clothes, pay full price,
nothing in your size is ever on sale.
You buy good quality accessories,
like that leather case.
You're not married,
so you spend money on dates.
You like good food.
You have someone in
to clean your apartment every week.
You're smart, have lots of
interests and hobbies
and you spend a fortune on them.
I don't wonder that you don't
have money for a house.
I wonder how you make subway fare
the way you spend money.
That's pretty good, Randolph...
But you didn't answer my question.
How can she afford private school?
- Leave my mother alone.
- Where does the money come from?
She works hard.
She murders dope dealers
and steals their-- their money.
She murdered a whole family--
- That's enough!
- Where does she keep the cash?
Just tell me where she keeps the cash!
Goren!
I need to talk to you.
- You're out of line.
- She's a disgrace to the uniform.
We're hitting dead ends.
Doesn't that tell you something?
We're not wrong about her.
You heard what they said at the 2-7.
Eames: We're done here. Okay? We're going.
I'm sorry for my partner.
There's no reason for animosity.
You know, I still have
a lot of friends in the department.
Well, watch your back.
"To Ronald Carver,
District Attorney's Office,
in re: Sherwood family murders.
Per your request, I reviewed
my files concerning Terry Randolph
and discovered incriminating information
pertinent to your investigation.
You can access this information
on the department database,
under archive number:
7-4-7-7-2.
Signed, Lieutenant
Anita Van Buren, 27th Precinct."
Cover copy to the Chief of Detectives.
It's Cecilia.
You're asking about correspondence
from the 27th Precinct?
I found one.
Evening, Morris. You got
everything locked down?
Yes, ma'am. I just did my rounds.
All right, I have to check up on you now.
I'll be back in 15.
( radio chatter )
( siren effect wails )
( door bangs )
That's your virtual arrest.
And this is your actual one.
This is a mistake. I didn't do anything.
You stole a confidential police file.
That's grand larceny.
An overt act in furtherance
of a conspiracy to commit murder.
You see, one of my hobbies
is studying the laws
you were once paid to enforce.
It's surprisingly cheap.
Please, don't take my girls away from me!
I did it for them.
I sacrifice everything for them.
The Sherwood family sacrificed their lives.
Four innocent lives.
Two children you smothered
with the same hands you tuck your
daughters in bed with at night.
I don't know if it's a good thing
or a bad thing that you won't be around
as a role model for them anymore.
The best intentions.
( theme music plays )
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org